Hello everyone and welcome to part for the game project of the document object model section of the
course.
It's time to actually get some practice with the document object model and using javascript to interact
with it.
We're going to be creating a very simple tic tac toe game interface and you have two options on the
approach for this project.
Your first option is to try to replicate the game completely on your own set and this lecture will show
you what the game looks like and you can try to replicate the game on your own in the editor and try
your best.
The second option is to just follow along the solution a lecture that comes after this one for a coatl
long session.
I personally recommend you try at least once completely on your own to get some practice of seeing something
and then trying to replicate it on your own.
That's a really great skill to have but if you're still not that comfortable to material that's no problem.
Feel free to just move on to the solution lecture and have a CO-2 long session until you feel more comfortable
manipulating the document object model.
Let's start by seeing what the final game actually looks like.
OK here we have the game open and this is essentially what it looks like.
You can see him using some bootstrap here for the Jumbotron.
And I have a little button that says restart and all this is it's a table and it's a three by three
table.
But you notice when I actually click on this I see an X and if I click on another square I get an 0
if I click twice.
So it goes x Oh blank and this is a very very simple project so you'll notice if I get three in a row
there's no announcement of any sort of when all I want to focus on here is just manipulating the document
object model.
So it's a very very simple project as far as any logic the only logic that's being done here is that
when you click on something it'll end up cycling through the x.
The Oh and the blank.
And this is just the table with some styling to make it look like a tic tac toe board and then if I
click restart here it just refreshes and clears everything out.
That's all you have to do for the tic tac toe project.
Again I recommend that you least try this completely on your own to replicate something that looks like
this.
Or if you still don't feel comfortable.
Just head on over the next lecture.
We're going to be coding through the solution.
All right thanks everyone.
Best of luck.
I'll see you at the next lecture.